always say yes there are going to be a
thousand things you get invited to do
that you're not going to be sure if it's
going to work out if it's going to be
something that you're going to get
benefit from and I'm telling you put
yourself out there
[Music]
this is
been one of the most amazing networking
experiences ever
I put the message out there hard I went
deep on the impact area I was talking
about the matrix of course talking about
superheroes and all the people that that
resonated with came wanted to talk I met
some incredible people filmmakers
people that are doing amazing marketing
stuff in the social media space which is
exactly the kind of people that we need
to help build the brand so guys you have
got to put yourself out there I happy
Saturday everybody Alice and I are off
to the city summit I'm gonna be on a
panel today we're about to walk the red
carpet
[Music]
what's up everybody we are here at the
red carpet I don't see a lot of red I'm
gonna keep it real with you but we're
gonna walk and talk to the media about
why we're here what we're gonna be
speaking about and all that good stuff
so come on let's do it what you know
we're sure you need both there's no
question but these days as you know is
the social media influence so you can
build that show yourself I'm one of the
speakers I love what they're all about
was trying to invigorate the community
and get them to really understand that
the right skills you can do anything you
set your mind to yeah I saw the movie
The Matrix and it made me realize that
my mindset was holding me back that I
was placing limitations on myself that
didn't actually exist that I could learn
kung-fu I just had to figure out what my
kung-fu was which was business and so I
taught myself business like neo taught
himself kung foo
and the rest is history yeah so the red
or blue bill you got to take the red
pill man you got to take it
[Music]
this has been an absolutely incredible
experience and the lesson to take away
the thing I want you guys to hear you've
got to put yourself in danger of having
something amazing happen if you don't if
you're staying at home and you're not
networking and you're not meeting people
nothing's gonna happen and if you get
out there and nothing happens and you
take that as a lesson that you should
have stayed home then you're a
fool because every now and then every
now and then
you smash it and you meet one person or
ten people that can help you because you
had the audacity to be yourself to be
who you really are to put yourself out
there let people know and know in
certain terms this is who I am this is
what I'm trying to do I didn't pull
punches I didn't pretend to be somebody
else I'm here my LeBron James I'm
rocking the impact Theory t-shirt I'm
authentically myself it resonated with
some incredible people and I think it's
gonna turn into something amazing
so always say yes get out there put
yourself out there face your fears
take a chance don't be afraid to fall in
your face don't be afraid of wasting
your time because you never know what's
gonna happen just be prepared be
prepared because luck is when timing
these preparation so take advantage put
yourself out there always be in danger
of something amazing happening to you
[Music]